cardamom and rosewater cardamom is in
every single Indian South Asian desert I
went to China I fell in love with
Szechuan peppercorn you can infuse
enough of it so that it kind of numbs
your tongue a little bit too basil and a
milk chocolate ganache and I loved it
especially Thai basil because it's
really strong when I went to Hawaii
guava was everywhere and tamarind is
such a prominent part of South Asian
culture dishes as a sauce night I just
environment like stay up till 2:00 3:00
in the morning just playing with
chocolate something you've never tasted
before I don't want to do something
that's already done flavor combinations
you don't really expect in chocolate
more of an experience of flavors I was
actually born and raised in sugar land
my parents are from Pakistan and so I
grew up in a very South Asian based home
every lunch we'd have any in food every
evening we'd have like tex-mex tacos
with fajitas these spices and fruits
were always like an inherent part of my
life for some things like pomegranate
like I didn't even know the English word
for it I went to school to study
anthropology and religion I thought I
was going to go to law school I was
studying for a law when I discovered my
love for chocolate I have never really
been in a dark chocolate it was more of
like a weight loss remedy I'm sorting a
lot of weight in college and so I got
really into food and learning about
health and nutrition and one of the
desserts I try to do with chocolate but
realize that chocolate like wine or
coffee has terroir it has like the soil
affects the way that cacao fruits taste
it's like tasting wine when I went to
Hawaii to go look at the cacao there
that was one of the coolest experiences
I've ever had I just became obsessed
with the fruit the chocolate there taste
sweeter taste like bright fruit
Madagascar and chocolates really
interesting in it always has this sort
of tangy red fruit flavor and Dominican
chocolates very tobacco e-every sort of
origin has its own distinction I was in
Pakistan that really is a foundation so
I was working in early childhood
development work so totally different
than what I've studied and what I'm
doing now I would do that from like 9:00
to 7:00 or 8:00 at night and then there
was nothing really to do I was living
the rural areas for my birthday I found
a pastry school Malaysia I booked a
ticket for ten days in Malaysia and took
me chocolates hearing courses after
Malaysia I came back to the u.s. intent
on like wanting to make this a real
thing I got in contact with a chocolate
importer and she was like you know what
I know the chef who wants a chocolate
here I emailed the chef at the Houston
rocket club he email a back saying we'll
come in we'll talk and I called him
right then as I can I come now
I did not think I was an entrepreneur I
did not initially start out having a
business minded personality I have pages
and pages of things that I've just
written down ideas like maybe doing like
a sock a chocolate and there's so many
things I still want to do I was
considered an art my favorite part of
the process is taking colored cocoa
butter melting it and just splattering
mold spraying them using cotton using
paint brushes tapping out the chocolate
once I'm done and seeing the bright
colors coming out I love it every time
when people look at it they don't
believe it's chocolate they'll think
it's like painted rocks are so the most
common thing that I hear is that's
interesting and like yeah that's it's
supposed to be interesting
you